docs: carefully migrated entry files (#12158)
remix-run/react-router: docs/upgrading/remix.md

### Step 6 - Rename components in entry files

> If you have an `entry.server.tsx` and/or an `entry.client.tsx` file in your application, you will need to `react-router-dom` package and rename the main components in this files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an `entry.client.tsx` and/or an `entry.server.tsx` file in your application, you will need to install `react-router` package and rename the main components in these files:
```

> ```diff filename=app/entry.client.stx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff filename=app/entry.client.tsx
```
